THE
YOUNG
FOUNDATION

DATA SCIENTIST & VISUALISATION OFFICER: JOB DESCRIPTION

Job title: Data Science Officer
Area: Research

Location: Bethnal Green, London
Line manager: Director of Research

Purpose of role

The purpose of the role is to develop and embed a new data science and visualisation fucntion within the
Young Foundation Research Team, while providing strong analytical input into our work. The post holder
will work closely with the Research Team, other Young Foundation colleagues and external partners to
achieve this.

Duties of the role

e Leading on data analytics across Young Foundation research projects. This is primarily expected to
include working with large publicly available data sets but may also include analysis of secondary
research data, our own survey data or bespoke data sets provided by our partners.

e Leading on the creation of data visualisations (both static and interactive).

e Prototype, develop, test & execute data analytics & data visualisation tools — including exploring how
we can make greater use of large volumes of unstructured data

e = Identification of appropriate tools and software to support the delivery and growth of data analytics
and visualisation within The Young Foundation

e Supporting colleagues across The Young Foundation to learn new data analysis skills

e Working closely with others as part of a team and with stakeholders and local partners to manage
relationships and deliver work.

e Producing high quality and varied research outputs for a range of audiences including analysis,
report writing and presentations where necessary.

e Taking responsibility for data and project management and administration as it relates to delivering
work.

e Any other duties as required by the line manager in line with the grade of the post.
PERSON SPECIFICATION

Prior experience - essential

e Experience in data analytics using large data sets, gained either through a postgraduate degree ina
relevant subject area or comparable experience gained through work in the public, private or third
sectors.

e Experience of combining multiple data sets to create new insights

e Experience in producing creative and insightful data visualisations, particularly with a geographic
focus

e Experience of creating interactive data tools that allow the interrogation of bespoke data sets

e Evidence of education or training in a relevant area (e.g. data science, statistics, mathematics, etc.),
ideally to postgraduate level

e Experience of cleaning datasets, conducting data linkage exercises and other data preparation work
to facilitate high quality data analysis

e = Advanced skills in Excel, analysis packages such as R (or similar), and relevant programming
languages (e.g. Python)

e Evidence of ability to grasp complex concepts and debates quickly and to translate these into
appropriate questions for data analysis

e Evidence of ability to work across multiple projects and effectively manage competing demands on
time

e Evidence of having worked in group settings and / or as part of a cross-organisational or inter-
organisational team

e = Ability to communicate data findings effectively to a range of audiences, including through engaging
written reports and summaries for lay audiences

e Evidence of initiative and being a self-starter

e Willingness to work in multi-disciplinary, cross-organisational teams, including the exploration of
new methods of blending qualitative research insights and analysis large volumes of unstructured
data

Prior experience — desirable

e Demonstrable knowledge of a subject area related to the areas of Young Foundation work, such as:
Communities and Places, Health, Education, Social Innovation etc.

e Experience of using Public Sector data sets relevant to YF work and/ or secondary research data sets
(e.g. Understanding Society).

e Experience of using GIS software and geographic mapping

e Experience of contributing to hackathons and/ or data sprints

e Experience of fields such as text analytics or machine learning, or working with large volumes of
unstructured data.

e Experience of evaluations

e Evidence of having been involved in successful bid writing

e Intermediate or above SPSS {or similar) skills

June 2018
