Sharyar Vohra
Software Developer
Goal is secure a career opportunity to fully utilize my training and skills, while making a significant
contribution to the success of the company.Highly motivated and confident to work with new peoples with
different skills set to polish my skills to play a leading part in the professional carrier.
sharyarv2010@gmail.com +92 321 2201554 Karachi, Pakistan July 11, 2000
EDUCATION
Bachelors in Computer Science
Fast National University Of Computer and
Emerging Sciences Karachi
08/2018 - Present,
Matriculation - Science
St Paul's English High School
04/2006 - 05/2016,
TEAM PROJECTS
Showroom Managment System (2020 - Present)
Language : C# DataBase : Microsoft SQL server
Software For managing the import export of vehicles storing all
relevant information.
Semester 5
Access Data From Web And Perform Calculations using
Multi-Threading (2020 - Present)
Language : Python
A Python Script to get data from dozens of Website Simultaneously.
Multi Threading was used for this purpose. Data was then parsed and
stored in different files in subfolders upon some conditions. The
second section of code would retreive the data over multi threading
from the files and perform multiple calculations and comparisons and
Display the final result. Highly time efficient code was made.
Semeter : 5
Graph Representation Of Words (2019)
Language : C++
A highly time and storage efficient program to store a large
paragraph of words in such an order that each word takes only one
memory despite of infinite repeatation.
Semester : 3
Fast Nuces Point Management - Version 2 (2019)
Language : C++
An Updated Version of the previous project was made on the demand
of the administration. This version could manage and edit the route
details with in the application. Searching over areas and time
management was updated. A SQL Server database was integrated to
manage these information
Semester : 2
Fast Nuces Point Management (2018)
Language : C
A Console Based Local Application that efficiently manages the Point
Routes . Our idea was based on the Fast Nuces Point system and it's
registration process. We managed to store up all the routes for all
point , it's registration process depending on seat number and various
other functionality
Semester : 1
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Backend : C / C++ , Python , C#
Code Editors : VS Code , Sublime Text , Visual Studio,DevC++
Experienced in dealing with Internation clients
DataBase : Oracle , Microsoft SQL Server
Basic Level Photoshop Work
Well Familiar With Html-CSS
ACHIEVEMENTS
Level One Fiverr FreeLancer (03/2020 - 11/2020)
I am a level one freelancer @ Fiverr. I have done dozens of web scrapiing
and web automation task with 100% success rate Alhamdulillah. Major
highlight were highly good reviews from around clients from 28 Countries
overall with a total of 50 Reviews.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
The Literary Club (2019)
Declamation Contest (Member)
DECS (2019)
Paritcipant Relations (Deputy)
Procom (2018)
Media And Promostions ( Member)
Procom (2019)
Guest Relations(Co-ordinatior )
CERTIFICATES
Python For Everybody
Coursera
Web Scraping Python
Coursea
INTERESTS
Web Scraping Web Automation Programming
English Writing Web Designing Web Development