Karen Higgins
Web Developer
AREAS OF EXPERTISE

PERSONAL SUMMARY

Search Engine Optimisation

An ambitious problem solver with a passion for online businesses, and who
would like to join a team of like-minded developers. Karen has much
experience of creating logical and innovative solutions to complex problems.
She is thorough and precise in everything she does, and has a keen interest in
technology, mobile applications and user experience. As someone who takes
responsibility for her own personal development, she is continually evaluating
and upgrading her skills so that she stays at the cutting edge of web
development. She is a natural problem solver, who has proven herself by
successfully completing projects for IT consultancies, software houses, web
design agencies, and IT departments.

Identifying technical
solutions
Client facing skills
Troubleshooting
JavaScript
Web graphics

Right now Karen is looking for a suitable position with a company where
outstanding performance is recognised and where she can work on a variety of
high profile projects.

Bug fixing

CAREER HISTORY

Building templates

Web Design Company - Birmingham
WEB DEVELOPER
Jul 2011- Present

Image cropping

Responsible for working on a range of projects, designing appealing websites
and interacting on a daily basis with graphic designers, back-end developers
and marketers.

Maintaining data integrity
Building functionality
Web application
development
Mobile applications

CAREER STATEMENT
“I feel that my greatest
strengths are firstly my strong
commitment to providing a
professional service to all
colleagues with whom I work.
Secondly my skill at developing
and maintaining a close
working relationship with every
company client, something
which in turn helps me to gain
an in-depth understanding of
their individual needs. Thirdly
my real passion for Web
Development as a whole, an
obsession which allows me to
spot trends and develop best
practise processes.”

Karen Higgins

 Developing and maintaining the front end functionality of websites.
 Participating in discussions with clients to clarify what they want.
 Designing prototypes for apps and websites.
 Creating logos, banners and buttons for websites.
 Writing cross-browser compliant XHTML, CSS & JavaScript.
 Simultaneously managing several databases and reporting tools.
 Contacting external webmasters to confirm link placements.
 Provide guidance to other team members on web development issues.
 Developing websites that have a consistent feel and look throughout all
web properties.
 Providing technical support to end users.
 Identifying and correcting software deficiencies.
 Devising SEO strategies based around specific keywords.
SEO Company - Coventry
TRAINEE WEB DEVELOPER

Feb 09 - Jul 11

Worked as part of a multi-disciplinary team, carrying out ad-hoc tasks as
requested by the IT Manager. Had a specific brief to ensure the websites build
for customer’s precisely matched their requirements.














Wrote internal and external design specifications.
Performed maintenance and updates to existing client Web sites.
Involved in creating a comparison site from scratch.
Helped end users to solve operating problems.
Participated in brainstorming sessions to come up with ideas.
Documented software and technical specifications.
Provided guidance and advice to less experienced staff.
Worked on multiple projects simultaneously to a high standard.
Escalated operational issues to senior management.
Involved in a project to develop a large online gaming website.
Addressed cross-browser compatibility issues.
Integrated websites with Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.

PERSONAL SKILLS

Local School – West Midlands
OFFICE JUNIOR

Aug 2008 – Feb 2009

Creative thinker
Government Office – West Bromwich
Imaginative

OFFICE ASSISTANT

Energetic

Clothes Store - Dudley
SALES ASSISTANT

Jun 2007 – Aug 2008

Oct 2006 – May 2007

Deadline led
Initiative

Local Charity - Birmingham
VOLUNTEER

Attention to detail
Innovative
Tactful & articulate
Problem solving
Reliable
Team player
Project management
Analytical

PROFESSIONAL
Advanced First Aid
French Speaker
German Speaker

Jul 2006 – Oct 2006

KEY COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS
Web Development
 Knowledge of PHP, XHTML, CSS, XML and JavaScript/jQuery.
 Awareness of the Web Development industry, and new technologies.
 Social Media Monetisation Strategies.
 Developing multi-user applications within a (SOA) service orientated
architecture.
 Writing up technical manuals and user instructions.
 Strategically thinking through all parts of the design process.
 Knowledge of payment processing, customs clearance and multi-currency
pricing.
 Knowledge of international web standards and protocols.
Professional
 Able to organise own workload effectively and prioritise tasks.
 Can quickly understand business requirements and then translate these into
functional requirements.
 Having a passion for customer service & responding quickly to enquiries.
 Can manage multiple projects in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.
 Adaptable and able to quickly pick up new techniques.
 Understanding of W3C standards, web accessibility & best practice.
Personal
 Passionate about doing a good job.
 First rate interpersonal and communication skills, able to easily interact
with fellow developers and customers alike.
 Comfortable with being the ‘go to’ person in a company.
 Strongly committed to all projects from inception right through to the end.
 Confident, friendly and easy to get along with.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

PERSONAL DETAILS
Karen Higgins
Dayjob Ltd
The Big Peg
Birmingham
B18 6NF
T: 0044 121 638 0026
M: 0870 061 0121
E: info@dayjob.com

University of Birmingham,
BA (Hons)
Graphic Design

2003 - 2006

Central College Birmingham
Diploma in Business Studies

2002 - 2003

North Birmingham School
A levels:
Geography (A)
Maths (A)
English Literature and Communication (B).
History of teh Modern World (B)
Physics and Science Combined (A)

1998 - 2002

REFERENCES – Available on request.

Copyright information - Please read
© This Web Developer resume template is the copyright of Dayjob Ltd 2013. Job seekers may download and use this
particular resume example for their personal use to help them write their own one. You are also most welcome to link to
any page on our site www.dayjob.com. However this CV template must not be distributed or made available on other
websites without our prior permission. For any questions relating to the use of this template please email:
info@dayjob.com.

