ROBERT SMITH
Principal Data Scientist
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
Decades of experience with 18 publications involving data mining, statistics, machine
learning/predictive analytics, image processing, and time­frequency domain signal processing of
time­series signals. An experienced programmer A creative thinker with earnest curiosity and
eagerness to learn new skills US citizen.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Decades of experience in data mining, statistics, machine.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Principal Data Scientist
BOTTLENOSE ­ March 2013 – 2019
Key Deliverables:
 Real­Time Trend Detection First non­founder employee.
 Developed and established the Intelligent Playground of Bottlenose from the ground up.
 This platform proved to be a central player in raising over $15 million in funding.
 Used weighted SVM on top of signal processing techniques to find trends in social­media
before competitors.
 Found breaking­news significantly sooner than news agencies on over 80% of occasions.
 Developed patented methods of correlation on streaming data.
 Combined noise­deduction with different correlation metrics to detect time­lag relationship
between thousands of live social­media data metrics.

Data Scientist
ABC Corporation ­ 2012 – 2013
Key Deliverables:
 Worked on building several machine learning algorithms to classify malicious files and
shipping the completed model as web API and software package.
 Worked with big data using Cassandra and developing APIs.
 Worked with big data using Apache Spark.
 Developed machine learning algorithm to classify random domains based on the name
only and implemented it into a web service and software package.
 Developed IP reputation scoring using mathematical modeling and implemented it into a
web service.
 Developed IP to ASN mapping and implemented it into a web service.
 Evaluated prospective vendor products..

EDUCATION

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

ROBERT SMITH
Principal Data Scientist
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com



PhD in Statistics ­ September 2013(University of California ­ Los Angeles, CA)

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

