ROBERT SMITH
Associate Data Scientist
info@qwikresume.com | LinkedIn Profile | Qwikresume.com

To further my career in mathematics by obtaining an analytic position in data,
software development, and/or strategy.

EXPERIENCE
Associate Data Scientist
ABC Corporation - MARCH 2012 – JUNE 2015
 Searched, organized, and analyzed clinical data regarding in vitro
fertilization.
 Used statistical analysis to determine data behavior.
 Used machine learning on the data to create predictive models
regarding IVF outcomes such as live birth, pregnancy, and multiple
birth.
 Discussed data and models with research and development team to
make the best possible products for consumers.
 Designed and revised forms, manuals, and other company
documents.
 This includes product input forms, test results forms, and other files
that are for internal and external use.
 Managed coworkers on certain projects regarding QA testing and
product development.

Data Scientist

ABC Corporation - 2011 – 2012











Conceptualized and built a model which implements predictive filling
of clinical fields within an EMR using historical data to making it
easier for Physicians to document and also in aiding physicians make
better clinical decisions.
Built a Model to data mine clinical data from both payers and
providers to derive patterns and insights.
Developed a prototype to investigate occurrences of medication
prescription leading to unexpected diagnosis with a view to prevent
and monitor undesirable impact of medication on patients.
Conceptualized and implemented a monitoring algorithm which
enables early detection of adverse events to medical practices.
The adverse event detection is a vast improvement on existing
methods to flag adverse events.
Prototyped a model to predict diagnosis risks for individual patients
using existing EMR data with the application of machine learning
algorithms.
The model developed was proven to help assist doctors make better
clinical decisions..

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

EDUCATION


Stanford Center for Professional Development in Data Science 2014(Stanford University - Stanford, CA)

SKILLS
Python, MySQL, Tensor Flow, Analytics, Machine Learning, Database Management,
Strategic Planning.

2

