Robert Smith

Co­Founder & Data Scientist
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Over 12 years of experience in Data Management, Integration, Analysis,
Software R&D and big data projects, 6 years system analysis and
presentation in Logistics, Telecom, Finance.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Co-Founder & Data Scientist
XCG Design Corp -

April 2016 – 2019

Responsibilities:
 Statistical Data Modeling, Database Data Modeling, Advanced R/SQL
Development.
 Perform data-extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) development
and programming.
 Perform data-mining, data analysis and performance measurements on
business-information systems by using analytics tools and
methodologies.
 Carrying out Marketing Analytics (Basel II), Risk Management (Logistic
regression) and Survival Analysis to evaluate customer information.
 Worked on importing data from various sources and performed
transformations using Map Reduce, Hive to load data into HDFS.
 Configured MR/Sqoop jobs to import data from RDBMS into HDFS.
 Created HBase tables to store variable data formats coming from
different portfolios.

Data Scientist
Cyberdata Technologies Inc -

2014 – 2016

Responsibilities:
 In support of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
activities, Dr.
 Kunkel supports the transition of the models from a research system to
a fully operational system operated by the National Centers for
Environmental Prediction (NCEP) Central Operations (NCO) in IDP cloud
computing system.
 Establishing and enhancing operational monitoring working with the
SDMs to identify monitoring gaps documenting; operational review
meetings, be familiar with all aspects of NCO operations creating an
archive of operational problems and solutions.
 Dr.
 Kunkel participates in Senior staff meetings which track issues with all
of NOAA applications, including issues with retrieving and storing real
time data, supercomputer operation and networking issues.
 Also, Dr.
 Kunkel, as lead for the Space Weather task at CyberData, provides
guidance and oversight for Space Weather science activities to identify
and investigate a new modeling capabilities, research developments,
and observational advances as well as explore the interaction with
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
SAS, R, Python, Matlab,
SQL, Hadoop, Oracle,
SQL Server, Java,
Machine Learning,
Hypothesis Testing, Time
Series Analysis,
Marketing Analysis,
Visualization, Excel
Modeling.

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference – 1 (Company
Name)
Reference – 2 (Company
Name)

ionosphere/magnetosphere models; She also identifies operational
requirements for space weather and other weather applications.

Education
M.S. in Applied Statistics - August 2013(Manderson Graduate School
of Business - Tuscaloosa, AL)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

