ROBERT SMITH
Electrical Engineer I
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
Electrical Engineer I with a comprehensive knowledge of electrical engineering, design, and
codes. Familiar with regulatory standard and procedures of the electrical industry. A responsible
individual who is committed to achieving excellence. Ability to effectively prioritize and juggle
multiple concurrent projects. Excellent attention to details and well organized. Possess great
analytical skills. Always on schedule and budget, able to prioritize and handle multiple tasks while
effectively achieving and exceeding project goals.

CORE COMPETENCIES
SmartPlant Electrical, Smartplant Instrumentation, Smartplant P&ID, Smartplant 3D, ETAP,
Transformer Data Sheet Creation, Wiring Diagram, Interconnect Drawing & Load List Reports
Creations

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Electrical Engineer I
ABC Corporation ­ March 2009 – Present
Key Deliverables:
 Interacting with the process engineer, control engineer team every day to design required
coordinated designs.
 Preparing supporting documents like single line diagram, wiring diagram, etc.
 Developing, prepare, check and coordinate designs, drawings plus other documents
needed for plant electrical systems as per applicable standards and codes.
 Reviewing and coordinate vendor design documents review to ensure compliance to
design requirements.
 Preparing and overseeing electrical power system design having single line diagrams,
wiring and elementary diagrams along with layout and circuitry design.
 Performing with electrical engineers to develop electrical designs meeting needs and
codes.
 Generating quality assurance of electrical, control detail engineering and design project
deliverables.

Junior Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation ­ July 2005 – August 2007
Key Deliverables:
 Worked as an electrical engineer &amp; provided electrical engineering support to nuclear
power projects.
 Responsible for understanding/studying technical specification &amp; scope of supply for
electrical equipment from the tender document.
 Prepared comparative technical &amp; commercial evaluation sheets for offers.
 Obtained confirmation/clarification on our commercial terms &amp; conditions.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

ROBERT SMITH
Electrical Engineer I
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com





Arranged meetings with selected vendors for discussion/price negotiation.
Responsible for the preparation and compilation of techno­commercial proposal for the
tender as per the format in the tender.
Responsible for the preparation of electrical drawings like­ single line diagram, schematic
diagram, wiring diagram, etc.

EDUCATION


Bachelors in Electrical Engineering ­ 2004 (NMU University)Certification in Wielding ­
(Blackhawk Business Center)

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

