ROBERT SMITH
Site Electrical Engineer
info@qwikresume.com | LinkedIn Profile | Qwikresume.com

A dedicated and highly reliable Site Electrical Engineer with extensive electrical and
Management experience (10+ years) in Auxiliary Electrical Systems design and
analysis in consulting and field engineering environments. Skilled in electrical
drawings development, Arc Flash Hazard, Short Circuit and Motor Starting analyses.
Seeking an Electrical Engineering position with a company that offers opportunities
for career growth and advancement, and allows me to utilize my educational
background and experience to become an essential asset to the company.

EXPERIENCE
Site Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2009 – 2016
 Primary responsibilities included the design and upgrade of electrical
distribution systems of mission-critical facilities to support the
availability/reliability and expansion of critical loads.
 Designed addition and replacement of 20+ Power Distribution Units
(PDU).
 Upgraded existing electrical system to &quot;n+1&quot; catcher
system configuration eliminating the risk of overloading alternate
power sources.
 Developed plans to reconfigure remote power panels connections in
order to balance data center critical loads throughout the electrical
distribution system.
 Developed the method of procedures for electrical work to be
performed while all critical loads and essential panels were energized.
 Developed a system to efficiently manage computer loads and
cutover of computer equipment, saving data centers engineers
valuable maintenance time.
 Modified existing ups systems at data centers to better balance
existing and future loads on the electrical system.

Associate Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2006 – 2009







Responsibilities included the design and upgrade of medium/low
voltage auxiliary electrical systems.
Developed one-line, three-line and layout drawings for switchgear,
MCCS and panelboards.
Sized protective devices (breakers, motor starters, and fuses) and
cables in accordance with NEC and IEEE standards.
Performed electrical design quality assurance checks reviewed shop
drawings of electrical equipment to ensure conformance with
standards and project requirements.
Developed specifications and procurement packages for electrical
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines




equipment such as transformers, switchgear, MCC and panelboards.
Developed cost estimate for electrical work associated with the
addition of equipment required to pump 10,000 gpm of product.
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant
to your current role.

EDUCATION


Masters Of Science in Engineering Management - 2005 (University Of
Kansas)Bachelor Of Art in Physics - (University Of Central Missouri - May,
MO)Bachelor Of Science in Electrical Engineering - (Oklahoma State
University)

SKILLS
Auxiliary Electrical Power Systems Design, Auxiliary Electrical Power Systems
Analysis, Electrical Equipment Specification, Electrical Field Engineering, ETAP, SKM,
Mathcad, Microsoft Office

2

