ROBERT SMITH
Python Developer/Tester
info@qwikresume.com | LinkedIn Profile | Qwikresume.com

Technology and business visionary with 3+ years of Software Engineering Experience
in Analysis, Designing, Developing, Testing, Automation, Customization, Bug fixes,
Enhancement and Implementing of various stand-alone and client-server architecture
based enterprise applications. Experience in Object Oriented Analysis in developing
server side and front-end framework using various design patterns.

EXPERIENCE
Python Developer/Tester
Solar Turbines Inc - FEBRUARY 2015 – PRESENT
 Automated moving the tests from production to staging and staging
to production by reading the keywords from NVbugs.
 Consumed APIS and used Python requests to read json reports and
file automatic bugs in the NVbugs (nvidias internal bug filing/tracking
system) for intermittent tests.
 Designed and configured database and backend applications and
programs.
 Developed, tested and debugged software tools utilized by clients
and internal customers.
 Experienced in designing test plans and test cases, verifying and
validating web based applications.
 Used test driven approach for developing the application and
implemented the unit tests using Python unit test framework.
 Experience in reviewing Python code for running the troubleshooting
test-cases and bug issues.

Python Developer

ABC Corporation - APR 2010 – FEB 2015








Used ajax and jquery for transmitting json data objects between
frontend and controllers.
Django framework that was used in developing web applications to
implement the model view control architecture.
Having experienced in agile methodologies, scrum stories and sprints
experience in a python based environment.
Utilized standard python modules such as csv, robotparser, itertools
and pickle for development.
Developed and tested many features for dashboard, created using
bootstrap, css, and javascript.
Worked on front end frame works like css bootstrap for responsive
webpages.
Collaborated with internal teams to convert end user feedback into
meaningful and improved solutions.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

EDUCATION


Bachelors - (2010)

SKILLS
Frameworks Django, Flask, Pyramid, PyJamas, Jython, Angular JS, Node JS, Spring,
Hibernate Webserver ApacheHTTP Webserver, WebLogic, WebSphere, JBoss Amazon
EC2, Jenkins And Fabric J2EE JDBC, JNDI, JSP And Servlets Databases Oracle MySQL

2

