ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Automation Test Engineer
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
Over 6+ years of experience in Software analysis, Software Quality Assurance Testing of Web,
Windows, Web Services, Client/Server applications and databases in Finance, Healthcare &
Media Applications. Experience in all stages of the Software Development Life Cycle and QA Life
Cycle andin all dimensions of Functionality, Usability & Reliability.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Selenium, Automation, Quality Assurance, Manual Testing, SQL.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Jr. Automation Test Engineer
Johnson & Johnson ­ September 2015 – 2019
Key Deliverables:
 Analysis of Business and Requirement Specifications.
 Designing Test Lab and formulation of Test Strategy, Test Plans Performed functional
testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using
Selenium WebDriver.
 Involved in implementation of Test Automation Framework build using Selenium
WebDriver, to handle, TestNG and Maven technologies under Java platform utilizing
industry leading harness design patterns and approaches.
 Used POM to create Object Repository for Web UI Elements Performed data driven testing
by using JDBC as a data source in SOAP UI and configured SQL queries to fetch data
from the Oracle database.
 Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.
 Developed Test Frameworks in Selenium for UI Regression Test Automation and when
necessary, and potentially execute Unit Test Automation (Java /TestNG).
 Configured Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven tool and created Selenium automation
scripts in Java, Python using Junit prior to agile release.

Automation Test Engineer
ABC Corporation ­ November 2013 – December 2014
Key Deliverables:
 Run the Automated Regression suite and analyzed results and file bugs Helped in
preparation of test plans in accordance with the business requirements.
 Developed and Executed Manual test cases for Functional testing of various modules of
the application.
 Responsible in executing test scripts on different browsers and checked for compatibility.
 Effectively participated in every day agile scrum stand­up meetings and participated in
Iteration planning and retrospective meetings.
 Performed functional testing for each sprint using Manual Testing.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Automation Test Engineer
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com




Executed positive and negative scenarios.
Automated functional scenarios using Selenium Webdriver.

EDUCATION


Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science ­ August 2006(Bapatla Engineering College
­ Andhra Pradesh ­ India)

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

