ROBERT SMITH
Automation Test Engineer I
info@qwikresume.com | LinkedIn Profile | Qwikresume.com

Experienced in SQA (Software Quality Assurance) including Manual a,nd Automated
testing with tools such as Selenium RC/WebDriver/IDE/Grid. Expertise in writing the
test cases in java. Involved in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC) implementing Waterfall, V-Model, and Agile, Iteration, Scrum methodologies.

EXPERIENCE
Automation Test Engineer I
Fidelity Investments - JANUARY 2016 – 2019
 Analyzed business requirements, system requirements, and data
mapping requirement specifications interacting with a client,
developers and QA team.
 Created and implemented Test Plan and Test Strategy Document
outlining the scope, objectives, timeline, and focus of software testing
effort for functional, regression, user acceptance and stress testing.
 Involved in analyzing system specifications, design, development,
and execution of test plans and test cases for Manual and Automated
testing.
 Responsible for following the Acceptance Test Driven Development
ATDD Process.
 Analyzing, estimating and sizing the User Stories which will help
Product Owners to prioritize the Story Cards.
 Developing the software solution and writing code using Pair
Programming and Test Driven Development TDD process.
 Involved in Testing Agile Development Environment using TDD and
ATDD approach.

Automation Test Engineer

THE GRANGE MUTUAL CASUALTY GROUP - 2012 – 2016








Working in agile project environment including stand-ups, backlog,
estimation, iteration planning, and retro meetings.
Using ATDD approach for automation development of functional and
regression testing.
Developing functional/regression test scripts utilizing Gherkin,
Cucumber, Ruby and Watir framework for web application reaching
thousands of agents throughout thirteen states.
Developing component level integration test scripts using Gherkin,
SpecFlow, NUnit, and C# framework for web services.
Training Automation Engineers new to the field with little to no
development experience.
Coaching QA Test Analysts on creating Gherkin features and
execution of ATDD scripts through Gherkin feature files.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines



Mentoring QA Testers, Test Analysts, and Automation Engineers on
quality assurance methodologies.

EDUCATION


Bachelors in Electrical Engineering - (JNTU University)

SKILLS
Ruby, Cucumber, Automation testing, Manual testing, SQL, HP Quality Center, JIRA,
quick test professional, VBScript, core java, selenium.

2

