ROBERT SMITH
IT Business Analyst IV
info@qwikresume.com | LinkedIn Profile | Qwikresume.com

To find a position that allows me to not only utilise my analytical, creative, and
leadership skills, but also allows room for growth.

EXPERIENCE
IT Business Analyst IV
Wyle Labs - JUNE 2013 – PRESENT
 Developed process improvement (pi) for commercial-off-the-shelf
(cots) product evaluation and selection process which reduced
purchase time by 40%.
 Developed pi for requirements a traceability process which reduced
the rate of missed requirements by 30%.
 Developed requirements management pi which resulted in a costsavings of over $10,000. 00.
 Developed pi for reusable requirements which reduced project times
by 30% and reduced cost by over $6,000. 00 per project.
 Business analysis: needs assessment; cost-benefit analysis; make-buy
assessment; market research analysis.
 Requirements analysis: elicitation, gathering, and document
requirements; authoring requirements specification documents;
authoring use case documents (uml),.
 Project management: work breakdown structure (wbs); effort
estimation; product/deliverables management.

Technical Document And Configuration Specialist

Barrios Technology/Ares Corporation (Orion Support Contract) NOVEMBER 2011 – MAY 2013










Identify and document functional and physical characteristics of a
controlled item, record and report change processing and
implementation status and verify compliance with specific
requirements.
Distribute agendas, coordinate presentations, schedule conference
rooms, facilitate a meeting, and set-up video conferencing.
Gather, prepare and analyze NASA management reports to facilitate
accuracy and validation of NASA report.
Collects metrics and leads weekly web meeting to review information.
Report any continuous improvement (ci) operations to continuously
improve efficiency and optimize the use of available software
programs.
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant
to your current role. In case if you dont need it you can delete it.
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

to your current role. In case if you dont need it you can delete it.

EDUCATION


MBA in information Technology - 2012 to 2014(Western Governors
University - Online )B.A. in English - 2004 to 2006(University Of Texas
- San Antonio, TX )

SKILLS
Technical Writing, Business Analyst, Document Management And Control, Data
Management, Excel, Word, SharePoint, Outlook Training, Database Administration,
Testing, HTML Coding, Linux

2

