Leslie S. Grant
Philadelphia, PA 19115 — 215-555-5555 — leslie.s.grant@ymail.com — LinkedIn.com/in/lesliesgrant04

HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER
 Complete Generalist HR Affairs for both turnaround and high-growth manufacturing and production organizations.
 Learning & Development, launching programs to build high-performance workforce and develop future leaders.
 Change Management for HR initiatives, organizational development, HRIS technology, and corporate transformations.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
DOWLING MANUFACTURING GROUP, Philadelphia, PA—2013–Present
Human Resources Director—Full HR generalist management for $35M consumer products manufacturer with 80 employees.
Transitioned HR from traditional labor relations function into comprehensive HR organization focused on best-in-class HR
policies, HRIS technology, staff and management training, and support of strategic business goals. 1 direct report.
 Provided HR leadership during a period of rapid growth with better than 18% increase in annual revenues and 10% gain in
profitability. Currently supporting initial efforts to establish secondary manufacturing facility to meet customer needs.
 Captured $50K in benefit cost reductions and avoided an additional $800K in retirement plan funding.
 Introduced metrics-based performance management system with a heavy emphasis on operating results. Spearheaded
value-add employee recognition and awards programs.
 Re-invented and implemented new recruitment, staffing, and workforce development programs to meet advancements in
product operations, technology, and management.
 Championed successful EH&S program design/implementation and company-wide employee communications initiative.
TURBO INDUSTRIES, INC., Lancaster, PA—2008–2013
Human Resources Assistant Manager—Consumer Products (2011–2013)—HR generalist—recruitment, staffing, training,
compensation, benefits, employee relations—for $50M division with 120 employees.
Worked in partnership with HR Manager and HR Director to create, implement, and manage improved HR strategies, services,
and programs to support the workforce during a downward trend and large-scale turnaround effort.
 Initiated successful workforce planning, job realignment, employee involvement, and team-building projects.
 Realigned compensation programs and salary administration to control accelerating costs.
 Taught Zenger Miller Frontline Leadership and Crosby Quality programs.
 Appointed to HR team handling plant divestiture and re-employment of all 120 employees with new joint venture partner.
Senior Human Resources Associate (2010–2011)
Managed labor relations, skills and technology training programs, and pay-for-performance initiatives.
Human Resources Associate (2008–2010)
Involved with recruitment, benefits administration, and implementation of company’s first HRIS technology.

EDUCATION
MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY—BS Business Management (2008)
WHARTON SCHOOL OF BUSINESS—Strategic Human Resources Management

