ROBERT SMITH
Division Human Resource Manager
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
Highly skilled, results oriented Human Resources Generalist with diverse experience and proven
track record working within Manufacturing, Food, and Auto industries at Plant, Division and
Corporate levels. Proven ability to develop relationships and support employees of all levels within
an organization.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office, Excel, Powerpoint, Interviewing, Hiring, Employee Relations, Human Resources

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Division Human Resource Manager
ABC Corporation ­ February 2008 – Present
Key Deliverables:
 Oversee various areas of human resources, to include; management development,
employee relations, training, safety, security and record keeping.
 Assist the regional human resources manager in the planning, development, and
implementation of effective human resource strategies/policies.
 Collaborate with all departments to ensure the human resource initiatives and goals are
consistently and successfully achieved.
 Supervisor of 200+ employees while simultaneously promoting a positive and productive
working environment.
 Accurately review employee performance, promote a competent and confident staff, while
recognizing employees for outstanding teamwork and overall performance.
 Participate in weekly staff meetings and meet with store management to review the
progress and status of various issues.
 Partnered with store management to evaluate and provide needed training to staff
members.

Human Resources Manager
ABC Corporation ­ 2004 – 2007
Key Deliverables:
 Provided hr leadership to a staff of 130+ employees while maintaining up­to­date
knowledge of changes in personnel law, additions, and modifications to current city, state
and governmental policies.
 Fully responsible to ensure that there was continual planning, improvement, and execution
of operational human resource policies.
 Joined forces with all departments to ensure the human resource initiatives and goals were
successfully achieved.
 Developed and sustained active recruitment programs while ensuring that all staffing needs
and positions were filled accordingly with qualified individuals.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

ROBERT SMITH
Division Human Resource Manager
Phone: (0123)­456­789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com





Negotiated labor relations contracts for four city unions while simultaneously acting as a
point person for grievance proceedings.
Oversaw employee performance evaluations, disciplinary issues, workers compensation,
unemployment benefits assessments, and benefits administration.
Represented the city of benton harbor in court hearings for unemployment benefits
appeals.

EDUCATION


Masters Of Science in Human Resources And Organizational Development ­ (Eastern
Michigan University College Of Business)Bachelors Of Science in Business Management ­
(Mid­Continent University ­ Mayfield, KY)

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

